Section 1 and 2 are about how the colonies and Great Britain slowly grew apart from one another until the colonies. It started off with the Stamp Act which imposed a tax on most paper related objects but also dice and playing cards. The colonials were very upset with this tax and protested it, they protested so well that it got repealed. But after the repeal the Declaratory Act was put on the colonies which gave Parliament the ability to make laws no matter what. Even though the people disagreed with this act there was nothing they could do and it got even worse when the Townshend Acts were placed on them that put taxes on imports that many of the colonists used. With the influx of British redcoats in the colonies they were in need of jobs which caused an argument to break out that later led to protests around the customs house where shots were fired killing 4 colonials. This became the first use of propaganda. Later on the British tried regaining their stance in the tea market because they had a lot of unsold tea. So they took away the tax on tea sellers from Britain which made the colonists more angry even though the tea was now cheaper. This led to a group of Sons of Liberty men sneaking onto British tea ships and throwing all the tea into the ocean, it was called the Boston Tea Party. The King of England outraged by this created the Intolerable Acts which placed British power within colonials homes and local government, specifically Boston where the Governor was now a British commander. A multitude of years later and many more acts of aggression towards each other, the British and the colonies found themselves fighting for Bunker Hill. But it actually was Breed’s Hill which was a devastating battle for the British even though they won because they had more than 1,000 casualties compared to the 450 colonial deaths. After this battle some colonists still believe the King wasn’t behind this and sent a letter hoping that he would make things right. They were wrong and he denied their ‘Olive Branch Petition’ and asked Parliament for a naval blockade on the colonies. One year later on July 4th the creation of the Declaration of Independence was written by Thomas Jefferson who took ideas from John Locke, a philosopher. It gave power to the people over the government and created unalienable rights for the American people,  along with the rights to control the government and how it is run.
